[Autogenerated] So the first thing we'll do is take a look at unit testing.
So we know for the unit testing,
we need to isolate the units we go to test our test will have dependencies.
So our articles project will depend on a repository.
For example,
we need to make sure we don't use any real repository as part of the testing.
So the way we deal with this is by making sure our dependencies are injected
into our code and may have come across terms like dependency,
injection or inversion of control.
So spring is an inversion of control container on that uses dependency
injection to inject dependencies into components.
So we're going to make sure that we pass any dependencies
we need into the code that we're testing because we're
passing those dependencies in.
That means we can step out those dependencies stabbing.
Here's a general sort of phrase so we can create,
mocks or fake or stubs that we can test against.
The best way to do this is to use a mocking framework.
And a framework that we're going to use here for
mocking is something called McKee to.
So let's go and write some code that shows this so to create the tests.
The first thing I do is to add a test class into the project,
and I'm going to ad attest to the article service.
So I got my article services go to the source test JavaScript new class on.
We'll call this thing jacket, article service on repository test as well.
I can name my classes not to give them some meaningful names on.
This is the article service that uses a repository.
So that's what we're testing here.
So just finish that off.
So this test is going to use my article,
details service on article repository class.
So I know I need to have a data member off that type.
We call this thing services and just add the crepe packages into my code.
So the way I'm going to set this up so I'm going to use JUnit and using JUnit,
I'm going to set up methods tear down methods on.
I'm going to add test methods.
So let's just want a rough outline of that now.
So in my test code, we'll have something like this.
We'll have a before method and a test method.
We like to correct references the correct packages
to this inside the before method.
As we'll see in a moment,
we'll create our service and then for the test method will run the test code.
Now, at the moment, the test name is terrible, but that's just a placeholder.
We'll come back and cracked the test name in a moment.
So what about the before method?
So inside the before method, I know I have to create the services.
The service constructor has to injected parameters were injecting a
repository and a injecting a log to log against.
So the service constructor looks like this.
It's marked with the inject annotation.
So when this is run within a spring container,
these things are injected automatically.
In our case, we're calling the construct ourselves.
So we have to pass these parameters into the constructor
so that the service could use them.
So to do that, we need to introduce to more member variables.
So I'll have a articles repository member variable and a log member variable.
Now, at the moment, we haven't initialized these.
So inside the before method, these need to be initialized.
Now, this is unit testing,
so we're not going to create a real log and we're not
going to create a real repository.
We're going to create fake versions of these or stabbed versions of
these on for that we don't use a mocking framework.
And a mocking frame that we're going to use is Marquis to Now again,
this class is not about testing.
So I'm not going to go into details of mosquito here.
We're just going to see how this thing is used.
So to use Mickey to I need to reference mickey to dot mock.
So I'm doing a static import to bring the mock method in here
and then in my code I can call that method.
So to the mock method,
we pass it the type i e the class off the thing we want to create a mock for.
What Makita will do for me is essentially create a proxy so
proxy that will look like the log object or will look like
the article repository interface.
What I can now do is I can use my article repository on I can use log
is if they really exist as if they are real things.
So we do that here initially by just passing a reference to
article repository and log into my constructor.
So at this point, we have a faint object mocked object that we can use.
So how are we going to use this?
Well, first of all, what are we going to test?
So let's test that when I call get all articles on my service,
that call actually works.
Now, how do we test that?
Well, if I call,
get all articles on my service that's gonna call get all
on the repository through positive,
is going to return a certain number of articles.
Let's say three.
And in that case, I need to make sure my service also returns three articles.
So first of all, let's give the test the name.
So get all articles should return all articles.
Then let's set up the test.
So I'm going to test that where my repository returns.
A single article in the service also returns a single article.
So one article comes back from the repository on one article,
gets returned from the service.
So to do that, I create a single article on I set the value of the image on it.
So I'm just initializer my article with some data here.
I then need to configure my repository mock so that it does the right thing.
The way we do that in mosquito is to use mosquitoes when method.
So I statically import the when method on.
Then in my code, I set up a mock on the repository.
So here I'm saying when somebody calls the repositories find all
method that I should return some stuff on,
What I'm returning is a single entry.
So I'm saying take this one entry.
I have turned it into an array and then return that array.
If I look in my article detail service in here when somebody calls,
get all articles, get all articles, calls,
find all on the repository on back in my test,
find all on the repository will now return this collection of
entries This collection of articles I can now call my service
on when I call the service,
I call the services get all articles method that will call the repositories,
find all method on.
I should get back this collection of articles and I can Now check
that What I get back is what I expect to get back.
We do that check by using an assert.
So here I'm using another library called assert for J and that
provides something called fluent assertions for my code.
So I can say, assert that articles dot size is equal to one.
So I'm asking for one article.
I should get back one article.
So let's run this test we can run this from inside
cradle we can see the the output.
So that's good.
The test works, but there's two things here.
One is I'm writing the test after the code on.
We should really write the test before the code and
should see the task or red first.
Now we know that doesn't always happen, as indeed it hasn't here.
So we've written the test after we've written the code.
However, I still like to prove that I'm testing the right thing.
So the test is green.
What I'd like to do is to go into my service coming out the
call to the repository and a related code.
So now what will happen is that when I run the test,
the service doesn't call the repository and we don't get
back the collection of articles and a.
Therefore the test should fail.
So if I go back and run the test again indeed the test goes red.
So it does look like we're testing the right thing.
So let's just put that code Bacca's it was.
So we're not going to go into much more detail about
what we should do The test here.
I'm just giving you an idea of how to set up mocking
and a out he was mocking within our code.
But maybe we should think a little more about the
sort of things we'd like to test.
So here are some examples.
We should probably check that if I asked for a single entry,
I call find one just returned a single entry from the repository.
We should probably check that through.
Positive is empty.
We don't return.
Any entries on the application doesn't blow up.
There's no exception.
We should probably check that.
We do get exceptions in certain cases, so I pass an invalid IDE maybe.
Or if the object is no title or URL or no image,
then we should probably throw an exception in that case.
So certain things we should always think about testing when we run these tests.
The general concept is don't just test what's known as the Happy Path,
so don't just test the code that's going to be
successful but test the failure code as well.
So that's unit testing.
Briefly, what we'll do now is take a look at integration testing.
We'll take a look at how,
inside a spring environment we set up the environment to allow us to do integration tests.